DOCS-clear out the integrate_with_app article (#11799)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/OV_Runtime_UG/integrate_with_your_application.md

@endsphinxdirective

> Following these steps, you can implement a typical OpenVINO™ Runtime inference pipeline in your application. Before proceeding, make sure you have [installed OpenVINO](../get_started.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following these steps, you can implement a typical OpenVINO™ Runtime inference pipeline in your application. Before proceeding, make sure you have [installed OpenVINO Runtime](../install_guides/installing-openvino-runtime.md).
```

If we want to redirect users to the installation page, we can use the install Runtime page directly.

       ...      
   ```

### Include OpenVINO™ Runtime libraries in `project/CMakeLists.txt`

   @snippet snippets/CMakeLists.txt cmake:integration_example

To build your project using CMake with the default build tools currently available on your machine, execute the following commands:

```sh
cd build/
cmake ../project
cmake --build .
```

> > **NOTE**: Make sure you set environment variables first by running `<INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh` (or `setupvars.bat` for Windows). Otherwise the `OpenVINO_DIR` variable won't be configured properly to pass `find_package` calls.

Reviewer 2: This was at the beginning and the end, which is a bit excessive, but my recommendation would be to have this note at the start of the document instead of the end. It is in the getting started guide, but if you have not just installed OpenVINO, you may not immediately remember that.

Also, on Linux you need to do `source <INSTALL_DIR>/setupvars.sh`.

> You can also specify additional build options (e.g. to build CMake project on Windows with a specific build tools). Please refer to the [CMake page](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/cmake.1.html#manual:cmake(1)) for details.

Reviewer 2: I don't feel strongly about this, but could this sentence be removed? Surely people who use CMake for a project understand they can use CMake options. Maybe link to the CMake docs in line 223 and then delete this line?
